Remove legacy browsers support (#21721)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/first_steps/variables/index.md

Again, this is a sensible language decision. There is no reason to redeclare variables — it just makes things more confusing.

> For these reasons and more, we recommend that you use `let` in your code, rather than `var`. There is no longer any reason to use `var`, as it has been supported since Internet Explorer 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For these reasons and more, we recommend that you use `let` in your code, rather than `var`. There is no longer any reason to use `var`, as it has been supported by all browsers for more than 7 years.
```
